Name: Guidry, Joseph
Date: 09 SEPT 2017
Current Module: Object Oriented Programming with Python
Project Name:  Bank of Nerds

Project Goals:
	<A two to three sentence description of the project and its intent>
     
	- The goal of this project is to incorporate the use of object oriented programming to create a bank interaction with
      with a customer.  The interactions included the use of classes and methods to interact with other classes and their 
      attributes. 
	
Considerations:
	<A bulleted list of considerations and conditions which affected the design of your project>
    - Implementing objects that describe real items.
    - Apply the DRY principle
    - Allow the user to create multiple accounts that do not cross into each other.
    - Separate the customer from others.
    - Build a User Interaction that is helpful and easy to navigate


Initial Design:
	<A paragraph or more that adequately describes your program's structure and layout discussing the various modules (.c and corresponding .h files) that you implemented>
	
	This program is composed of a couple python files:
    
    bank_of_nerds.py: This file runs its main function and creates Bank object and the welcome menu.
    
    In the dungeon packet, there are four modules:
        bank.py       : This file provides the code to generate the bank, in this program it holds most of the methods for the
                        running of the program. This made sense that a bank handles most of the actions itself.
        customer.py   : This file provides the code to generate customers and holds the accounts it adds in the bank object.
        accounts.py   : This file provides the code for creating a account object, that can be used by all account class.
        utility.py     : This file provides utility code for custom exceptions, certain bank methods involving I/O should 
                        make it into this file

Data Flow:
	<A paragraph or longer describing the data flow of the program in a sequential manner.  Include a diagram when necessary.>
	
	1. The user begins the program and is prompted to login or exit.
	2. If exit is selected, then program exits. Else, the user is prompted to provide information which is used to check the
       banks account attribute for a match.  If there is no match, user is asked to join the bank.
	3. Once user becomes a member of the bank, they are prompted with the list of options to continue.
	4. Selected option invokes function that can either deposit funds, withdraw funds, list accounts, or add new accounts.
       If there are no accounts, adding a new account is suggested.
	5. Deposit and Withdraw prompt user to select from a list of available accounts. 
       - Then an amount is prompted.
       - Overdraft protection is enabled if there are not enough funds to process withdraw.
	6. The user can continue to add accounts, and make deposits and withdraws, until user logs out.
	7. Logging out returns user to login prompt, saving the customer and accounts into the bank object.
    8. If time had permitted, I would like to implement pickling the bank to store long term. 

Communication Protocol:
	<Discuss any custom communication protocol you have used including the various request and responses that may be sent and received.>

	There was no use of custom communication protocols used in this program.
	
Potential Pitfalls:
	<Discuss any potential issues that you might run into while creating the project>
	
	1. Adding all functionality into a method of a class.
	2. DRY principle for code reuse.
    3. Planning the use of inheritance and how classes and objects interact.
	
Test Plan:
	User Test:
 		<Describe the steps taken for each user test.>
 		1. Test for individual class creation was done with TDD. 
 		2. Attempt to add accounts to customers, then customers to the bank.
        3. Test menu prompt logic, and validate input data.
        5. Add flourish to implement overdraft protection.
 		
	Test Cases:
		<A brief overview of the test cases that you implemented.>
		1. Attempt to Ctrl + C from anywhere in the program.
		2. Handle different input from user, and menu stages.
		3. Ensure proper execution of classes using TDD.  
		4. Trial and Error on making any possible selection at any time.
		
		
Conclusion:

	<A review of the project, what worked, what didn’t and how to improve upon your project in the future.>

	In this project, the return to using PEP8 and python are the most challenging part of this project. 
    Once returning to a level of understanding the creation of classes and how those classes are built was the next challenge.
    Through the use of Test Driven Development, the build and use of class attribute and methods help lay the foundation for this
    project.  Afterward, TDD was abandoned to test how the program came together. Further work with TDD is needed.  
    The overall picture of the project was enjoyable to develop.



